Adding Overview for litmus-python experiment flow (#34)
litmuschaos/litmus-python: README.md

Refer [Litmus-SDK](https://github.com/litmuschaos/litmus-python/blob/master/contribute/developer-guide/README.md) for more details

### Overview

Litmus-Python chaos experiments are fundamental units within the LitmusChaos architecture. Users can choose between readily available chaos experiments or create new ones to construct a required Chaos Workflow.

> For more about working of LitmusChaos [refer](https://litmuschaos.github.io/litmus/).

Reviewer: To know more about LitmusChaos experiments [refer to this](https://litmuschaos.github.io/litmus/).

> #### Experiment Flow :
>  - Experiment business logic image has to be updated in `spec.definition.image` along with experiment entrypoint and tunable parameters in ChaosEngine (CR) which holds experiment-specific chaos parameters. ChaosExperiment is created by chaos runner which is managed by chaos operator [Refer litmus-python pod-delete experiment](https://github.com/litmuschaos/chaos-charts/blob/master/charts/generic/pod-delete/python/experiment.yaml)
>   - Chaos Engine holds experiment-specific parameters. This CR is also updated/patched with the status of the chaos experiments, making it the single source of truth concerning the chaos. ChaosEngine is watched by Litmus' ChaosOperator which then invokes ChaosExperiments. [Refer litmus-python pod-delete engine](https://github.com/litmuschaos/chaos-charts/blob/master/charts/generic/pod-delete/python/engine.yaml)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Experiment Flow :
 - Experiment business logic image has to be updated in `spec.definition.image` along with experiment entrypoint and tunable parameters in ChaosEngine (CR) which holds experiment-specific chaos parameters. ChaosExperiment is created by chaos runner which is managed by chaos operator [Refer litmus-python pod-delete experiment](https://github.com/litmuschaos/chaos-charts/blob/master/charts/generic/pod-delete/python/experiment.yaml)
  - Chaos Engine holds experiment-specific parameters. This CR is also updated/patched with the status of the chaos experiments, making it the single source of truth concerning the chaos.
```

> #### Experiment Flow :
>  - Experiment business logic image has to update `spec.definition.image` and tune parameters in Experiment custom resource (CR) which holds experiment-specific chaos parameters & experiment entrypoint. ChaosExperiment CRs are created by the operator when experiments are invoked by ChaosEngine.[Refer litmus-python pod-delete experiment](https://github.com/litmuschaos/chaos-charts/blob/master/charts/generic/pod-delete/python/experiment.yaml)
>   - Experiment Engine holds experiment-specific chaosengine. It connects an application instance with one or more chaos experiments while allowing the users to specify run-level details. This CR is also updated/patched with the status of the chaos experiments, making it the single source of truth concerning the chaos. ChaosEngine is watched by Litmus' Chaos-Operator which then invokes ChaosExperiments. [Refer litmus-python pod-delete engine](https://github.com/litmuschaos/chaos-charts/blob/master/charts/generic/pod-delete/python/engine.yaml)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Experiment Flow :
 - Experiment business logic image has to be updated in `spec.definition.image` along with experiment entrypoint and tunable parameters in ChaosEngine (CR) which holds experiment-specific chaos parameters. ChaosExperiment is created by chaos runner which is managed by chaos operator [Refer litmus-python pod-delete experiment](https://github.com/litmuschaos/chaos-charts/blob/master/charts/generic/pod-delete/python/experiment.yaml)
  - Chaos Engine holds experiment-specific parameters. This CR is also updated/patched with the status of the chaos experiments, making it the single source of truth concerning the chaos. ChaosEngine is watched by Litmus' ChaosOperator which then invokes ChaosExperiments. [Refer litmus-python pod-delete engine](https://github.com/litmuschaos/chaos-charts/blob/master/charts/generic/pod-delete/python/engine.yaml)
```
